[Music]
in the 23rd year of joash the son of
Ahaziah king of Judah G Halle has the
son of G Hugh became king over israel in
samaria and reigned 17 years and he did
evil in the sight of the Lord and
followed the sins of Jeroboam the son of
Nebat who had made Israel sin he did not
depart from them then the anger of the
Lord was aroused against Israel and he
delivered them into the hand of Hazael
king of Syria and into the hand of Ben
Hadad the son of has Al all their days
so jaha has pleaded with the Lord and
the Lord listened to him for he saw the
oppression of Israel because the king of
Syria oppressed them then the Lord gave
Israel a deliverer so that they escaped
from under the hand of the Syrians and
the children of Israel dwelt in their
tents as before
nevertheless they did not depart from
the sins of the house of Jeroboam who
had made Israel sin but walked in them
and the wooden image also remained in
Samaria for he left of the army of
Jehovah has only fifty horsemen ten
chariots and ten thousand foot soldiers
for the king of Syria had destroyed them
and made them like the dust at threshing
now the rest of the acts of Jehovah has
all that he did and his might are they
not written in the book of The
Chronicles of the kings of Israel so
jaha has rested with his father's and
they buried him in Samaria then Jehoash
his son reigned in his place in the 37th
year of joash king of judah Jehoash the
son of Jehovah as became king over
israel in samaria and reigned 16 years
and he did evil in the sight of the lord
he did not depart from all the sins of
jeroboam the son of nebat
who made Israel sin but walked in them
now the rest of the acts of Jehoash all
that he did and his might with which he
fought against amaziah king of judah ave
not written in the book of the
chronicles of the kings of israel so
jehoash rested with his father's
then Jeroboam sat on his throne and
joash was buried in Samaria with the
kings of Israel Elisha had become sick
with the illness of which he would die
then Jehoash the king of Israel came
down to him and wept over his face my
father the chariots of Israel and their
horsemen and Elisha said to him take a
bow and some arrows so he took himself a
bow and some arrows then he said to the
king of Israel put your hand on the ball
so he put his hand on it and Elisha put
his hands on the Kings hands open the
East window and he opened it shoot and
he shot the arrow of the Lord's
deliverance and the arrow of deliverance
from Syria for you must strike the
Syrians and effect until you have
destroyed them
take the arrows
strike ground so he struck three times
and stopped and the man of God was angry
with him
you should have struck five or six times
then you would have struck Syria till
you had destroyed it and now you will
strike Syria only three times then
Elijah died and they buried him and the
raiding bands from Moab invaded the land
in the spring of the year so it was as
they were burying a man that suddenly
they spied a band of Raiders and they
put the man in the tomb of Elijah and
when the man was led down and touched
the bones of Elijah he revived and stood
on his feet
and has al king of syria oppressed
Israel all the days of Jehovah has but
the Lord was gracious to them had
compassion on them and regarded them
because of his covenant with Abraham
Isaac and Jacob and would not yet
destroy them or cast them from his
presence now has al
king of syria died then ben-hadad his
son reigned in his place and Jehoash
the son of jihad recaptured from the
hand of ben-hadad the son of has al the
cities which he had taken out of the
hands of jehovah has his father by war
three times Jehoash defeated him and
recaptured the cities of israel
[Music]